document breaking change between cy.route & cy.intercept (#3404)
cypress-io/cypress-documentation: source/api/commands/intercept.md

* does not require calling {% url "`cy.server()`" server %} before use - in fact, `cy.server()` does not influence `cy.intercept()` at all.
* does not have method set to `GET` by default, but intercepts `*` methods.
* uses plain substring match, or RegExp, or {% url minimatch %} to match URL.

> * cannot override previous interceptors: see https://github.com/cypress-io/cypress/issues/9302 and https://glebbahmutov.com/blog/cypress-intercept-problems/#no-overwriting-interceptors for more information.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Currently, cannot override previously-defined responses: see https://github.com/cypress-io/cypress/issues/9302 and https://glebbahmutov.com/blog/cypress-intercept-problems/#no-overwriting-interceptors for more information. Overriding responses will be added in a future release.
```
